

Sara Sanchez — From the dozens of practice rounds, hours of coaching, and countless days of travel, it goes without saying that you are the fabric that keeps Lexington Debate together. Even from my days as a novice, I can’t think of anyone else who’s played a more important role in my education about debate — the level of dedication you show to the activity as well as your debaters is unparalleled. It’s a very reassuring feeling to know that your coach is fully invested in your success and personal growth — not only as a debater — but as an individual. None of our success this year would’ve been remotely possible absent your coaching and insight — I’m looking forward to working together with you next year!

Chris Palmer — I’ve never gotten the chance to work with you at a tournament this year, but it goes without saying that your presence on the team transcends all debate styles and events. The stability and patience that you bring to the team is both significant and remarkable (especially in light of characters such as Adam Hoffman [kidding, only slightly though]) — the NDCA and TOC were highly enjoyable tournaments, and I’m looking forward to seeing you next year! (Additionally, many thanks for fixing my computer at the Harvard RR!)

Sara Kirsch — I only really got a chance to work with you at Greenhill, but I know I had an amazing time at the tournament. Your pre-round coaching was extremely helpful and made for a great first tournament of the year!

Sarah Donnelly — Thank you so much for your support and kindness all throughout the TOC — the team surely would not have been able to succeed without your help — having access to food and beverages in the war room was great. It definitely couldn’t have happened without you!

TOC Coaches — Bennett Clifford, Michael Suo, Gabby Tandet, Daniel Taylor, David Herman and Nick Watts — I’m truly grateful for all your help this past weekend, it was invaluable and I honestly don’t know where we would’ve been without it. From politics updates, case negatives, pre-round coaching to gathering intel and scouting, you all were instrumental to our success at the TOC. It was great seeing familiar faces, and in some cases meeting new people — I hope to see you all around at some point.  

Arjun Vellayappan — Even from the days when I was a novice, you have always been a phenomenal role model and an exemplar individual for all debaters. Your commitment to hard work, dedication to the activity, and humility in the face of success exemplify what it means to be outstanding. I am extremely thankful for having had the opportunity to work with you at the Glenbrooks, Blake, Emory, Harvard, and the TOC, and am truly appreciative of all the help that you’ve provided throughout the year. Even at St. Mark’s (when you weren’t even there) you sent us updates prior to the quarters — aside from being helpful, they demonstrated your unwavering commitment to the success of Lexington. I hope to get the opportunity to work with you at some point next year!

Katie Fraser — In light of having had to put up with my shenanigans all year, I want to thank you for being an outstanding partner! I admire your dedication to the activity as well as your commitment to educating younger members of the squad — I’m looking forward to debating with you again next year!

Kevin Xie — I thoroughly enjoyed kicking it with you at various tournaments this year — aside from being an overall great guy and friend, you are the consummate teammate. I admire your work ethic and commitment to success — next season will surely be great! Maybe the NADBank affirmative will make an appearance…

Thomas Stirrat — Having had the chance to be your teammate for the past 3 years, I can honestly say that there is no one else quite in their prime like yourself. Your intensity, focus, and determination all reflect the characteristics of a true winner — I know you’re going to crush it at Wake Forest, and I hope to be able to see you around next year!

Vishruth Reddy — Even though I regularly give you a hard time about everything, I want to thank you for being a great teammate, mentor, and above all a great friend. What you and Toby pulled off this year was remarkable, no less in the face of significant adversity. Being able to qualify to the TOC in the last two tournaments of the year is outstanding and your performance is a testament to the hard work you’ve both put in for all 4 years. I know you’re going to have a great time at WashU — I hope to see you around next year!

Toby Armstrong — From the beginning of the year at Greenhill down to the very end at the TOC, I can truthfully say that this year wouldn’t have been the same without your presence on the squad. As someone who’s stuck with debate for all 4 years, despite not qualifying to the TOC for the first three years, you are proof of the old adage: hard work does pay off. Thank you for being a great friend and role model for these past few years — I know you’ll enjoy UMass — how many people can say that they gave their last speech ever on their favorite argument?

Rest of Lexington Debate — Thank you  for all the support throughout the entire year — from the seniors all the way down to the novices — all your work was instrumental in us having a chance to attend the TOC, and for that am I extremely grateful. Special shout-out to JJ Kim, Alex Lee, Chris Lee, Jesse Mahler, and Julia Steigerwald — aside from being great friends, you’ve all made Lexington Debate a great family to be a part of.

Getting to be a part of this team is both an honor and a privilege — thank you all for making this year such a phenomenal experience. I’m looking forward to coming back next year and making a run for the championship with the rest of Lexington Debate!

“Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.” — Andrew Carnegie

